# Volumetric CNN For Emotion Recognition

3D point cloud become easily available within new technology devices. For example with IPhoneX, we can obtain 3D image of the face. 3D images can be represent in two way. One is within multi view of the object from different angle of view. In another way, using IR based cameras such as Kinect or IphoneX face recognition camera, we can obtain 3D point cloud in one shot. In that research, we proposed 3D convolutional Neural Network on recognition human face emotion class which we have 50 different person’s 7 different face emotion 3D point cloud images.

## Dataset

We have 50 subjects 3D point cloud image on 7 different emotion which are angry, disgust, fear, happy, sad, surprise and neutral. So that means we have totally 50*7=350 different number of emotion in our dataset. We briefly divide first 40 subject’s data as train set and last 10 subject’s data as test set. In our dataset, each emotion image consist of 1220 number of x,y,z point triple coordinate. Thanks goodness of our concerned dataset, all 3D images are all in the same orientation and all normalized already. That is why we do not need to generate different scaled and oriented data to feed the CNN to get it generalize for all kind of test images. That is true that it is not the more realistic way to do that task, but since our dataset are in that format, we do not pay attention to get the CNN generalize different orientated and scaled images. Which means we supposed all given input 3D point clouds are already in standard orientation and standard scale. 
